[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Amidst the chaos of the
crumbling Planet Namek,
it seemed that Goku
and Frieza's epic battle
had suddenly been decided...
Watch out, Frieza! Stay down!
No! It can't be!
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR]
[FRIEZA painful moans]
[thunder sounds]
Well... You might've
had this coming...
But I've got to
say, though...
I don't think I expected
you to fall so hard.
[FRIEZA coughs]
One way or another,
I'll still be able to
make my way back home...
Meanwhile you
get to lie there
and witness first hand the fate
of the planet you destroyed...
[FRIEZA coughs]
Please...help me...
I... I beg of you...
Goku...! Don't waste
any more time with him...!
You've got to get
out of there now!
Have... mercy on me...
You... can't... do this...
You... can't... do... this...
How many people asked
you for mercy...?!
Hundreds...? Thousands...?!
What gives you the
right to expect any...
Especially from me?!
[FRIEZA]
Please... Please...
I beg you...!
[GOKU]
Frieza.
There. I've given you
some of my energy...
With any luck...
it should be just enough
to get you off this
planet before it blows.
But that's all you get.
You're on your own from here.
[loud rumbling]
[loud crashes]
[FRIEZA cackles]
Even in the throws
of unfathomable rage,
you're a chump for
a hard luck story...
How admirable.
You mentioned being able
to survive in space
without oxygen...
If that's true,
I suggest you cut your losses
and get out of here now.
Maybe one day,
you'll come to realize
how precious life is.
[FRIEZA laughs]
[FRIEZA] And where,
I can't help but wonder,
will you be at
the moment of truth?
[FRIEZA snickers]
[FRIEZA]
The vacuum of space, I think,
will hardly be kind to a
creature such as yourself.
Wouldn't you agree?
[FRIEZA laughs]
[FRIEZA] If only there
was time to scurry back
to your little ship
before the grand finale!
Alas, if Vegeta
hadn't wrecked it,
I'd offer you mine...
So near and yet so far.
[FRIEZA laughs]
The curtain closes
on the Saiyan scourge!
It would seem
that you, my friend,
get to witness
first hand
the fate of the
planet I've destroyed!
Oh the irony...
He triumphs that
loses everything...
The vanquished escapes.
I hate to gloat,
but there's a lesson here
on the virtue of mercy...
Its only value is to your foe.
[GOKU]
We'll see about that.
[Goku]
It's done.
[FRIEZA]
What do you mean, "done"?
Well...? Answer me, ape...!
Why are you giving up?
[GOKU]
The fact is,
I don't see the point
in fighting you anymore.
So go crawl off
someplace and hide.
I don't really care.
Simian upstart!
I am Lord Frieza!
None surpass me...!
No one even comes close!
Burn this into your mind...
I am Emperor of the Universe...!
The likes of you are only
fit to grovel at my feet!
Or better still...
To be crushed...
Like an insect...
At the whim of your Master!
You fool!!!
[FRIEZA screams]
[explosion]
[rushing water]
[GOKU panting]
[birds chirping]
[children laughing]
There we are...
Ah... Thank you, friend.
[NAMEKIAN CHILD B]
No fair! I can't reach!
Ah, come on!
Children... My part here...
Has very nearly
run its course.
You mustn't speak like that!
But, you don't mean that
you're just going to--
[NAMEKIAN I]
Grand Elder!
[NAMEKIAN B]
You've got years left!
Come, children...
Draw in closely...
Time is short.
[NAMEKIAN C]
Sir.
[NAMEKIAN CHILD A]
You can't go, Elder!
[NAMEKIAN CHILD B]
You can't go!
I fear it's no
longer a question
of whether I can or cannot.
Oh... Don't weep...
My life has been rich
beyond all imagining.
Moori!
Well... Come up
with anything?
We've searched
and we can't locate
so much as a trace of anyone
from Elder Tsuno's village, sir.
Why is it they're
not here with us?
[VEGETA]
There's a simple answer to that,
though I doubt
you'll like it.
The wish was too specific...
Granted, most of
you fell to Frieza
or one of his
bruiser toadies...
But not all...
At least one village met
its end... thanks to me.
[wooshing air]
[crashes]
Oh... Good...
A promising sign...
given the circumstance...
I feared I would have to
leave you to your own devices.
[GRAND ELDER coughs]
Please! Don't
speak of leaving us!
Come...Grieve not
my departure...
My path through this
sphere has with all things,
has come full circle.
Moori... Step closer.
Yes...
Hold... Hold out your hand.
[MOORI]
Of course.
You... From here on...
Shall be...
The Grand Elder of
the Namekian race.
Don't lose heart.
In time the Dragon Balls will
shine as lustrous as ever.
I... urge you...
to... use them wisely.
Yes... As... as you wish...
I... leave it to you.
No! Grand Elder!
[GRAND ELDER]
By... by your lights...
may our ways... yet endure.
[MOORI]
Grand Elder!
Will our woes never cease?
[weeping]
[DENDE]
Grand Elder...
No... After everything
we've been through...
Safe journey, friend...
may the road ahead
rise to meet you.
You...You may fool the
others, but not me...!
Be honest...
Nail merged his life force
with yours, didn't he?!
[chuckles]
[MOORI]
Alright everyone...
In honor of our
beloved Elder...
let our memories of his
service be our guide...
His words the
beating of our hearts...
[NAMEKIAN WALLA]
Hear-hear!
Oh, man... talk about
your tear jerker...
Like it's not bad enough
Krillin can't come back.
Yeah...
Nobody who has
been brought back
by the Dragon
Balls once can be
wished back a second time.
What...?
There's never
been a limit set
on the number of
times a person can be
brought back with the
Dragon Balls made on Namek.
As long as they didn't
go naturally, of course...
Wait... So...
This means once
the Dragon Balls
have their power recharged
anybody can be wished back;
no matter how many times
they've done it before...
Oh Dende, that's the best
news I've ever heard...
One day... We can
bring all of them back.
You'd better be
here too, Dad...
when that day comes...
Krillin wouldn't
have it any other way!
I can't take this...!
What's going on down there?!
Is Frieza taken
care of or not?!
The tyrant
is no more.
He begged for mercy
before it was all
over and done with,
and Goku didn't have the
heart to ignore him...
He actually gave Frieza
some of his surplus energy...
Never one to miss a
cheap shot, though,
Frieza turned on him
at the last moment.
Goku had no choice
but to defend himself.
Okay... And by "defend
himself" you mean...?
Not even Frieza
was a match for Goku
in his Super Saiyan form.
The universe is now
free from his rule.
Ha! Yeah!
[TIEN] Guess this
whole Super Saiyan thing
is serious business...
With Frieza out of the picture,
Goku's essentially the greatest
warrior in the known universe.
Heh. I'm sure glad
he's on our side...
Hold on... There's more.
Goku might be able to
claim the victory, yes...
But he's hardly out
of the woods just yet.
How do you figure?
In only a matter of moments,
Planet Namek will
be space dust.
He has no hope
of making it back
to the space pod
he traveled there in
before the planet explodes...
He's making a bee-line
for Frieza's spaceship,
which he actually stands
a good chance of
reaching in time...
But from the look of things
it may be too damaged to fly...!
Hey...
Relax; it's not like we're
talkin' about just anybody...
Goku's pulled through
worse scrapes than this...
Besides, in Super Saiyan form
the guy's like in peak condition
times a million, right?
Come on... Think...!
No way he's not gonna get
out of there with time to spare!
Yeah...
Do whatever you
have to, Goku;
just do it quickly!
There!
Please let there
be enough time...!
Where is the control room?!
Okay...!
The controls are configured
a lot like the
ones on my pod.
Which means the "start"
button should be...
There...
That's it...
You can do it...!
Come on! Don't let me down...
You can do this...! Start up!
C'mon, c'mon! Get it in gear!
No! That ship was
his only hope...!
He'll never make it!
What just happened...?!
What's going on?!
[KING KAI]
Frieza's ship;
Goku's last chance of
getting off Namek...
Is now fathoms
deeps in molten lava!
So, then what's he
supposed to do now?
[KING KAI]
Nothing, I'm afraid...
There's absolutely
nothing he can do...
[GOKU]
I can't believe this...
This is not happening.
[screams]
No!!!
I can't bear to watch!
Goku...
Goku...Please Goku...
This isn't fair!!!
[screams]
Oh no... No!!!
♪ ending song ♪
[YAMCHA]
Hey! It's me, Yamcha...
Brace yourself
for this, Bulma...
Goku... Goku is gone!
[BULMA]
And I should be shocked why?
This isn't the first time
we've had to do without him...
[YAMCHA]
Okay. I don't think you
really understand
the situation...
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon
Ball Z Kai:
[BULMA] Wait... We
can wish him back, right?